feat: Add DoubleTapCallbacks that receives double-tap events. (#2327)
flame-engine/flame: doc/flame/inputs/gesture_input.md

```

### DoubleTapCallbacks

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Flame also offers a mixin named `DoubleTapCallbacks` to receive a double-tap event from the

> component. The only thing that you should do to receive a double tap event is adding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
component. To start receiving double tap events in a component, add the
```

> `DoubleTapCallbacks` to your `PositionComponent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DoubleTapCallbacks` mixin to your `PositionComponent`.
```

```dart
class MyComponent extends PositionComponent with DoubleTapCallbacks {
  @override

>   void onDoubleTap(DoubleTapEvent event) {

Author: I thought `DoubleTapCallbacks` should match with the `DoubleTapDetector`.
But indeed aligning with `TapCallbacks` makes more sense since its a new API.
